OSDOCS-4072: adds ingress firewall node operator (#52114)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/networking-operators-overview.adoc

[id="networking-operators-overview-external-dns-operator"]
== External DNS Operator
The External DNS Operator deploys and manages ExternalDNS to provide the name resolution for services and routes from the external DNS provider to {product-title}. For more information, see xref:../networking/external_dns_operator/understanding-external-dns-operator.adoc#external-dns-operator[Understanding the External DNS Operator].

> [id="ingress-node-firewall-operator-1"]

Author: I used the 1 here so that my build wouldn't break. I have `ingress-node-firewall-operator` in a different module; `-1` here is to fix all those pesky build breaks above. I'm open to renaming suggestions though.

> [id="Ingress-node-firewall-operator"]
> == Ingress Node Firewall Operator
> The Ingress Node Firewall Operator uses link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/[Operator pattern] to deploy Ingress node firewall daemon on OVN-Kubernetes cluster network provider. Using CR to deploy and configure ingress node firewall rules, the operator creates Controllers whose reconcile function synchronizes resources until the desired state is reached on the cluster. For more information, see xref:../networking/ingress-node-firewall-operator.adoc#Ingress-Node-Firewall-Operator[Understanding the Ingress Node Firewall Operator]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="ingress-node-firewall-operator"]
== Ingress Node Firewall Operator
The Ingress Node Firewall Operator uses link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/[Operator pattern] to deploy Ingress node firewall daemon on OVN-Kubernetes cluster network provider. Using CR to deploy and configure ingress node firewall rules, the operator creates Controllers whose reconcile function synchronizes resources until the desired state is reached on the cluster. For more information, see xref:../networking/ingress-node-firewall-operator.adoc#ingress-node-firewall-operator[Understanding the Ingress Node Firewall Operator]
```

> The Ingress Node Firewall Operator uses link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/[Operator pattern] to deploy Ingress node firewall daemon on OVN-Kubernetes cluster network provider. Using CR to deploy and configure ingress node firewall rules, the operator creates Controllers whose reconcile function synchronizes resources until the desired state is reached on the cluster. For more information, see xref:../networking/ingress-node-firewall-operator.adoc#ingress-node-firewall-operator[Understanding the Ingress Node Firewall Operator]

Reviewer 2: Because this is how the controller pattern works, I don't know that we need to explicitly state this. All Operators basically do that, I think. But the fact that it deploys a daemon set that manages the firewall rules that you define on the nodes to which the daemon set is deployed does matter.

At a high level, an administrator install this Operator. Then that administrator can describe in the Operator configuration which nodes in the cluster actually get a daemon set installed that's designed to actually apply and manage specific firewall configurations.

Author: @jboxman-rh I reworded based on your feedback.

> The Ingress Node Firewall Operator uses an extended Berkley Packet Filter (eBPF) and eXpress Data Path (XDP) plugin to process node firewall rules, update statistics and generate events for dropped traffic. The operator manages ingress node firewall resources, verifies configuration,avoids miss configured rules that can lock up cluster access, and load ingress node firewall XDP program to the selected interfaces in the rule's object(s). For more information, see xref:../networking/ingress-node-firewall-operator.adoc#ingress-node-firewall-operator[Understanding the Ingress Node Firewall Operator]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Ingress Node Firewall Operator uses an extended Berkley Packet Filter (eBPF) and eXpress Data Path (XDP) plugin to process node firewall rules, update statistics and generate events for dropped traffic. The operator manages ingress node firewall resources, verifies firewall configuration, avoids incorrectly configured rules that can prevent cluster access, and loads ingress node firewall XDP programs to the selected interfaces in the rule's object(s). For more information, see xref:../networking/ingress-node-firewall-operator.adoc#ingress-node-firewall-operator[Understanding the Ingress Node Firewall Operator]
```
A few corrections here. One question - is there a better word to use than "avoids"? Does the operator fix incorrectly configured rules automatically, or alert the customer to them, or disable incorrect rules when it finds them? I'm not sure what "avoid" means in this context.

Author: What about `prevents`? s/avoids/prevents

Reviewer 4: As we have error messages if admin tries to create rules that block cluster access, it can be stated - **does not allow incorrectly configured rules**. If there is an validation error with rule creation, rule is not created at all.
